Added nut facts (#2925)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/customize-themes/index.md

layout: Guides
---

> This guide explains how to use the Brands API to rapidly customize the theme of your Okta org, including colors, icons, and background images in your Okta-hosted Sign-In Widget, error pages, email templates, and Okta End-User Dashboard.

Reviewer: I wonder if it's worth cutting this sentence in two? Seems long to me.
```suggestion
This guide explains how to use the Brands API to rapidly customize the theme of your Okta org. You can customize the colors, icons, and background images in your Okta-hosted Sign-In Widget, error pages, email templates, and Okta End-User Dashboard.
```

---

**Learning outcomes**

> * Use the Brands API to customize the theme of your Okta org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Brands API to customize the theme of your Okta org.
```
